Even if I'd wanted to, I wouldn't have had the strength to straighten her out. Besides, if she thought Pencey was a very good school, let her think it. You hate to tell new stuff to somebody around a hundred years old. They don't like to hear it. Then, after a while, I left. It was funny. She yelled «Good luck!» at me the same way old Spencer did when I left Pencey. God, how I hate it when somebody yells «Good luck!» at me when I'm leaving somewhere. It's depressing. I went down by a different staircase, and I saw another «Fuck you» on the wall. I tried to rub it off with my hand again, but this one was scratched on, with a knife or something. It wouldn't come off. It's hopeless, anyway. If you had a million years to do it in, you couldn't rub out even half the «Fuck you» signs in the world. It's impossible. I looked at the clock in the recess yard, and it was only twenty to twelve, so I had quite a lot of time to kill before I met old Phoebe. But I just walked over to the museum anyway. There wasn't anyplace else to go. I thought maybe I might stop in a phone booth and give old Jane Gallagher a buzz before I started bumming my way west, but I wasn't in the mood. For one thing, I wasn't even sure she was home for vacation yet. So I just went over to the museum, and hung around. While I was waiting around for Phoebe in the museum, right inside the doors and all, these two little kids came up to me and asked me if I knew where the mummies were. The one little kid, the one that asked me, had his pants open. I told him about it. So he buttoned them up right where he was standing talking to me-he didn't even bother to go behind a post or anything. He killed me. I would've laughed, but I was afraid I'd feel like vomiting again, so I didn't. «Where're the mummies, fella?» the kid said again. «Ya know?» I horsed around with the two of them a little bit. «The mummies? What're they?» I asked the one kid. «You know. The mummies-them dead guys. That get buried in them toons and all.» Toons. That killed me. He meant tombs. «How come you two guys aren't in school?» I said.