Let's go.
No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.
Never mind that now, never mind that now.
Excuse me.
You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.
He's a very strange young man.
Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat.
So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?
Why am I always the last one to know about these things.
Are you gonna order something, kid?
Its good.
No, why, what's a matter?
Oh yes sir.
Yeah, gimme a Tab.
I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible.
Huh?
I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.
You're gonna be in the car with her.
Marty, why are you so nervous?
Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.
I don't wanna see you in here again.
Yeah, well history is gonna change.
Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.
Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave.
Where were we.
Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.
Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you?
Will you take care of that?
What Lorraine, what?
Who is that guy.
George. George.
Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post?
It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.
You got a permit for that?
That's a big bruise you have there.
Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance?
Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.
His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.
My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.
I guarantee it.
Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.
Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.
Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa?
Does your mom know about tomorrow night?
Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day?
I can't play.
Crazy drunk drivers.
Precisely.
Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing?
Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.
Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?
Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.
No, why, what's a matter?
Doc?
Oh.
Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?
You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.
Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.
Right, I got it.
Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.
Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.
Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?
But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.
C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety.
This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.
Uh, I think so.
It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.
Yeah, it's 8:00.
Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance.
You'll find out.
Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.
No, not yet.
Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-
Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly?
Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.
Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.
Yeah, gimme a Tab.
Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.
Will you take care of that?
Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.
Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.
Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly,